wmg took my pants and I loved it okay
let's all right i'm sophie pyle okay if
you just your Lance you win that is
fantastic no this is fantastic Mel gotta
buck 1g to be Mike 216 all right um keep
the old five land hanging never you have
to that's a keeper thats a pumpkin too
bad to fucking BAM sir do it oh my god
so I good him oh my guy can't do
anything oh my god that's better that's
not better that is a lot better that's
not that it's a lot better it's a lot
better I have things you had things I
didn't have anything yeah nothing good
stuff man no stuff so yeah we had stuff
some things my card son that's good
better it was better can't even deny the
better yeah oh look at you come on come
around tag around or inside here go on
the good side room buddies happy and
free that is it as if living young wild
& free stop it that's right stop you
about what I'm doing we get drunk stop
yeah just just knock it off so what they
smoke weed they're just having fun I
don't even care who fucking sees dude so
what they go out perilee that's what the
what's what supposed to be they are
living young and wild is free to stop
you did like the whole fucking song oh
do I had to get the hook all over had to
get the hook on him knock it off I mr. I
was asking you a question shut up so
what that's all basking I'm going this
route by the way you might see a mill
today let's let's guess
get that one let's do that because
they're gonna go for the life which
won't be will be irrelevant someone's
gonna go for the mill which which is
more relevant just careful you know mill
yes L myself milieu yes hey you can't
about me no you know mmm the whole meal
you that's a word what we got here so
it's the Ploughshares sheds too close
what you oh yeah he's out there he's
like nah I like ah go on I kill him I'd
kill here use the swords to plowshares
is so kill him calm down oh then kill
him kill him do shit son we garner
Matson nine it's fucking stupid boo
bamboo battle battle what you gonna do
oh shit that's it means it my balls put
it all out there for you look at my bags
look at them the right there look at the
bow bow these are my bow mausam 12 net
bowels I'll smooth as eggs whoo-hoo-hoo
smoothies baby eggs baby baby baby eggs
baby eggs sculpting school up thing that
should do it that'll do her land there
boom get out of here let's get in there
get out of here while I get in there and
then boom I'm gonna clone it watch out
rooms and all about the cloning really
cuz then he just black motherfucker his
life length that's why this care cuz he
gains little life yeah that's all you
clone and black and kill because he runs
Raph in this pile that's the only reason
I'm kind of scared yeah well you got my
control but he I'm think I'm like he's
not gonna rat this engine right cuz he
said he's got the little engine that
could down there he's already used one
of his swords so he has what pacifism
fig is that in there oh that would save
royal so I'm fine with that he has no
big meats out there yet yea big me yeah
he's not any big meats big fat mate
there's no Larry Hoover you know without
whipping work stops you don't say hello
to stop right sometimes that shit my
tumbles and knock it off well well there
you go there you fucking have it fucking
well is retarded well it's retarded
counter the well counter well counter
well yeah wackadoodle counter right yes
that's it from a game no its objection
that's from a Phoenix right get over
here bienick strong get over your buddy
get over here really why'd you take that
guy cuz he doubles his life yeah that
would suck come on up its double whoop I
love gets doubled yeah yes doesn't don't
mind us what you under now sign okay
that is not man all up in this shit I'm
good now I'm real good my fucking real
good boom boop bop chastise but have a
counterspell oh my god I'm so good at
this game it is so hard to be this good
and then just bounce this guy and win
Wow and then you just bounce this guy
and win wow you are the best rock ever
why not ever
oh yeah you oh that's it son boys hit
that was fantastic are we left he left
yeah nice nice